#summary Instructions and notes for installing SVN to download, modify, and commit the project's source.

= Instructions =

Checkout Instructions
  # Download Tortoise SVN from http://tortoisesvn.net/
  # Checkout the project from https://chicken-zombie-bananza.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ to somewhere on your computer
  # Use your Google email address and your Google Code password; it's different from your Google password!, you can get it at http://code.google.com/hosting/settings
  # Make sure you have Eclipse installed with the Android SDK, with the Google APIs Version 8 downloaded
  # Start up Eclipse and create a new Android project and 'Create a project from existing source and change the location to the 'project' directory of the checkout folder
    * Make sure Google API's Version 8 is selected in the build target
  # Run the application in the Android Emulator to verify that everything is working

Commit Instructions
  # ALWAYS do an SVN Update before you commit to make sure you have the latest revision.
  # Get your Google Code SVN password from https://code.google.com/hosting/settings
  # In the folder where you checked out the source, right click and select 'SVN Commit'
  # Make sure all the files you want to commit are selected and that the ones you don't are not. Type a brief message explaining what this commit is about.
  # Press OK and enter your Gmail address as the user name and the password you just got. TortoiseSVN will inform you if there is a problem with the commit.

= Notes =

Rules on making a commit
  # Don't commit if it will break the build!
  # Make sure you are committing all the files you need to.
  # You don't need to write a paragraph, but a short and sweet comment of what you did will help others see what you have done.
  # When working on a larger task, logically subdivide the task into subtasks and make commits when those tasks are complete. Don't wait until you are done to commit.